Develop a ComponentDefinition for a cloud resource (#261)
oam-dev/kubevela.io: docs/end-user/components/cloud-services/provider-and-consume-cloud-services.md

All supported Terraform cloud resources can be seen in the list above. You can also filter them by command by `vela components --label type=terraform`.

### Provision cloud resources

> Let's provision an OSS bucket as an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following Application to provision an OSS bucket:
```

```yaml
apiVersion: core.oam.dev/v1beta1
kind: Application
metadata:
  name: provision-cloud-resource-sample
spec:
  components:
    - name: sample-oss
      type: alibaba-oss
      properties:
        bucket: vela-website-0911
        acl: private
        writeConnectionSecretToRef:
          name: oss-conn
```

> The properties of alibaba-oss component are clearly described in the doc above, including each property's name, type,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above `alibaba-oss` component will create an OSS bucket named `vela-website-0911`, with private acl, with connection information stored in a secreted named `oss-conn`.
```

> description, whether it's compulsory, and default value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Deploy the application and check the status of the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apply the above application, then check the status:
```

Reviewer: 这里最好给出  apply 命令

```shell
$ vela ls
APP                            	COMPONENT 	TYPE       	TRAITS	PHASE  	HEALTHY	STATUS                                       	CREATED-TIME
provision-cloud-resource-sample	sample-oss	alibaba-oss	      	running	healthy	Cloud resources are deployed and ready to use	2021-09-11 12:55:57 +0800 CST
```

> When the application is `running` and `healthy`. We can also check the OSS bucket in Alibaba Cloud console or by [ossutil](https://partners-intl.aliyun.com/help/doc-detail/50452.htm)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the phase becomes `running` and `healthy`, you can then check the OSS bucket in Alibaba Cloud console or by [ossutil](https://partners-intl.aliyun.com/help/doc-detail/50452.htm)
```
